Adjust wording in set theory section (#3380)
ansible/ansible-documentation: docs/docsite/rst/playbook_guide/playbooks_filters.rst

    {{ list1 | union(list2) }}
    # => [1, 2, 3, 4, 5, 99, 10, 11]

> To get the intersection of two lists (unique set of all items present in both lists):

Reviewer: Since the result is a list, I think this should still be "list":
```suggestion
To get the intersection of two lists (unique list of all items present in both lists):
```

Author: There you are, @felixfontein; happy new year!

> To get the intersection of two lists (unique list of all items present in both lists):

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
To get the intersection of two lists (unique list of all items that exist in both lists):
```

Reviewer 2: Thanks for the contribution @ariel-anieli 

I guess this might be a bit nit-picky but "present" seems a bit vague. I think, when describing an intersection, we want to emphasize that items must exist in both lists.

Author: :slightly_smiling_face: There you are, @oraNod. Thanks for the feedback.

Reviewer 2: You're welcome @ariel-anieli Thanks for the contribution!
